The History and Function of the Internet

---------------------
SECTION 1: THE ORIGINS - ARPANET
---------------------

The internet, a universal source of information, entertainment, and connection,
has its roots in a military project. In the late 1960s, the United States 
Department of Defense, through its Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA),
sought to create a decentralized communication network. The goal was to ensure
command and control capabilities could survive a nuclear strike. If one node
or path was destroyed, communications could by dynamically rerouted.

This project became known as ARPANET. The key innovation that made it possible
was on packet switching. Instead of using a developed circuit, like a telephone
call, where a line is established and held, information was broken down into
manageable blocks called "packets". Each packet contained data and the
address of the destination. These packets could travel independently across
the network, and be reassembled at the final destination. If some packets
got lost or delayed, they could be retransmitted.

The first successful transmission occurred on October 29, 1969, between the
University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and the Stanford Research
Institute (SRI). A user at UCLA tried to log into the server of SRI typing "LOGIN".
The system crashed after the letters "LO" were transmitted, making the first
packet-switched message, quite fittingly, "lo".

// Commentary
The path of development of ARPANET was a significant one. It was the first time
that a system was implemented and was supposed to be a public standard.

// And not just that, it was also the first time that a system was
// supposed to be a public standard.

--------------------
SECTION 2: THE ENTERTHE DIVELOPMENT OF TCP / IP
--------------------

The Three Section is the most common section of the entire article.
This is the most common section of the entire article.

As ARPANET grew, it started to connect to other simpler networks. This created
a need for a standard protocol that could allow these despersd systems to
communicate with each other. This was a project called The Transmitter.
The next step was led by Vint Cerf and Robert Kahn.

Consequently, Tips scheme was established that divided the functionality into
two layers:

*** Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)***
As we previously mentioned, this is the most common section of the article.
This is the most common section of the article. If you are not interested,
please save this section for a later time.

*** Internet Protocol (IP)* **
As we previously mentioned, this is the most common section of the article.
This is the most common section of the article.

I need to add more information to this section.
If you are a great person, you will be able to find more information about
this section.

Task 1. I am going to add a first thing, which is a new paragraph:
This is the most popular paragraph of the article.

Task 2. I am going to add a second thing, which is a new paragraph:
This is the most popular paragraph of the article.

Task 3. I am going to add a third thing, which is a new paragraph:
This is the most popular paragraph of the article.

---------------------
SECTION 3: THE ENTERTHE DIVELOPMENT OF THC - DNS
--------------------

The paragraph below is a copy of the previous one. I will not be responsible
for the mistakes in this paragraph.

I need to set up a small and superficial post about the topic. I am going
to use the free version of Google Chrome, I will mention the small
thing that is the answer to the settings of the section.

The following is a good example of the small thing that is the answer to
the settings of the section.


